[Outlook] (spam reporting) Document spam reporting manifest elements (#1634)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: docs/manifest/preprocessingdialog.md

**Add-in type**: Mail

**Valid only in these VersionOverrides schemas**:

- Mail 1.1

For more information, see [Version overrides in the manifest](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/add-in-manifests#version-overrides-in-the-manifest).

**Associated with these requirement sets**:

- [Mailbox preview](../requirement-sets/outlook/preview-requirement-set/outlook-requirement-set-preview.md)

## Contained in

- [ReportPhishingCustomization (preview)](reportphishingcustomization.md)

## Attributes

None.

## Child elements

| Element | Required | Description |
| :------ | :------: | :------ |
| **Title** | Yes | Specifies the custom title of the pre-processing dialog. Its **resid** attribute must be set to the value of the **id** attribute of a [String](string.md) in the [ShortStrings](shortstrings.md) element under the [Resources](resources.md) element. |
| **Description** | Yes | Specifies the custom text that appears in the pre-processing dialog. Its **resid** attribute must be set to the value of the **id** attribute of a [String](string.md) in the [LongStrings](longstrings.md) element under the [Resources](resources.md) element. |

> | [ReportingOptions](reportingoptions.md) | No | Lists the options a user can select from the pre-processing dialog to provide a reason for reporting a message. |

Reviewer: Suggested change: List up to five options a user can select...

---
title: PreProcessingDialog element in the manifest file (preview)
description: The PreProcessingDialog element configures the pre-processing dialog of a spam reporting add-in in Outlook.
ms.date: 07/14/2023
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# PreProcessingDialog element (preview)

> Configures the pre-processing dialog of a spam reporting add-in in Outlook, so that users can provide additional information about the message they're reporting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configures the preprocessing dialog of a spam reporting add-in in Outlook, so that users can provide additional information about the message they're reporting.
```
